Update change log (#754)
KxSystems/kx-vscode: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the **kdb VS Code extension** are documented in this file.

# v1.18.0

### Enhancements

> - Provide option for VS Code to not use anonymous lambdas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an option for VS Code to generate named functions instead of using anonymous lambdas.
```

### Internal Improvements

> - Updated dependencies to address identified security vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated dependencies to address known security vulnerabilities.
```
